= README

== On the Web
h/t {RescueSenior Mobile App}[https://creator.ionic.io/share/9be786b005a0]

== Toolkit
Platform:: Ionic, AngularJS, HTML5/CSS3
Source Control:: Git/Github
Database:: Local phone storage, Firebase
Deployment Platform:: Android, iOS, Windows
Front End Framework:: Bootstrap mobile, HTML5/SASSY
APIS Integration:: Google Maps/Estimote Beacons/Fitbit
Endpoint Integration :: Rescue Senior web application

== Run the application locally
1. Clone the repo
2. cd to the app dir
3. Run **npm install** to download all the gems
4. Run **ionic serve** and navigate to localhost in your browser
5. Run **ionic serve -l** to see the app in mobile platform
6. Run the app locally by adding mobile platform plugins

== Our Workflow
Contributing to RescueSeniors is super simple, and we like it that way.
We are maintaining a master branch for production code and adding branches for features.

=== Contributing
1. Clone the repo
2. Checkout a new branch for your feature
3. Code a feature. Include tests and comments.
4. Push your branch to GitHub, make sure to include a commit message explaining what you've done.
5. Issue a pull request.

=== Code Review - Any team member can - and should! - review code from pull requests.
1. Verify that the build is successful.
2. Pull the code into your local dev environment to take it for a spin.  Make sure it works!
3. Review the code for clarity.  Verify code is commented and supporting tests have been written and provide adequate coverage.
4. Resolve any conflicts before merging.
5. Merge the pull request.
6. Delete the originating branch.

== Resources
TBD
